Bump Matter Server to 2.0.1 and set Vendor ID (#2850)
home-assistant/addons: matter_server/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## 3.0.0

Reviewer: This says 3, message and pr description say 2

Reviewer: Ah addon 3, matter server 2

- Bump Matter Server to 2.0.1

> - Use Nabu Casa Vendor ID by default (requires recommissioning of devices)

Reviewer 2: Should we be a bit more explicit?

```suggestion
- Use Nabu Casa Vendor ID by default (requires recommissioning of devices)

### Breaking

- All commissioned devices need to be recommissioned.
```

Author: Yeah a bit more explicit seems sensible. I guess then we can drop it from the brackets above.

```suggestion
- Use Nabu Casa Vendor ID by default

### Breaking

- All commissioned devices need to be recommissioned.
```
